[Music]
hey what's up
i'm here with a new test that'll check
your wits and survival skills
try to crack the following 12 riddles
and write down your results
at the end you can see how well you did
but i should warn you
you'll need to do your best to avoid all
the traps
good luck number one a problem in the
jungle
you're traveling through the jungle all
on your own one morning you find out
that you're almost out of water
you can get more water from one of four
sources
a juicy cactus a pond with salty
seawater
a clear still lake or a silty stream
what source of water will you choose to
fill your filter water bottle with
10 seconds to decide
most cacti are toxic and instead of
quenching your thirst
you'll have a severe stomach ache salty
seawater will dehydrate you
stagnant water in the still lake is
swarming with all kinds of bacteria
and drinking it is extremely dangerous
thus
your best choice would be the silty
stream it contains nothing your filter
water bottle can't neutralize
number two a road accident a truck
a man riding a horse and a motorcycle
are waiting on the road for the green
light
suddenly the truck driver drops his cell
phone on the horn
the loud noise scares the horse and it
bites the motorcyclist's ear
shocked and in pain the man unwittingly
moves his motorcycle
and causes an accident but which person
actually broke the law you have 10
seconds to figure it out
[Music]
it's the motorcyclist because he isn't
wearing a helmet while driving
three a forest escape you're lost in a
forest
it's getting dark and very soon wild
animals will start their hunt
there are four roads you can choose from
the north
south west and east but the north path
will take you to a super massive black
hole ready to swallow you up
the south road goes through a lake full
of huge whale sharks
if you take the west road you'll end up
at the edge of a ginormous hole in the
ground which can't be crossed
even with the help of a rope and the
east path
will bring you to a sky-high mountain
which is impossible to climb over
you have 10 seconds to choose your way
you need to follow the south road whale
sharks present no threat to people
and they'll let you swim across the lake
without any problems
4. trapped by a psycho a psycho caught
you and
let you choose where you'd have to stay
on your own for the following three
weeks
if you managed to survive he'll set you
free
he gave you three options a desert full
of cacti
a sunny field with flowers a banana and
a glass of water
and a beach under stormy skies
surrounded by sharp cliffs
and hit by high waves where do you have
the best
chances to survive
[Music]
in a desert there's no water and you
won't last long
one banana and a glass of water won't
help you to survive for three weeks
your only choice is the beach the sea
will provide you with food
and since the weather is cloudy you'll
be able to drink rain water
5. a scary castle
one night you find yourself stuck in an
old spooky castle
you hear someone chasing after you and
you run faster and faster
but suddenly a dead end however as your
eyes adjust
you notice three doors in the wall but
behind each door
there are some horrifying creatures the
first door hides zombies
werewolves are behind the second one and
if you open the third door
you'll come face to face with
bloodthirsty vampires which door should
you open to have a chance to survive
escape through the second door the moon
is waxing at the moment
and werewolves only transform during a
full moon
6. a wicked kidnapper
you're kidnapped and held in a basement
by a crazy professor
but the basement has three doors and one
of them leads to freedom
the professor leaves and you get to open
the doors one by one
behind the first door there's a dense
jungle full of deadly creatures
behind the second door there's a
gigantic fire breathing dino that could
burn you alive
and behind the third door you see a lake
of ice water that freezes
everything in several seconds how can
you escape
[Music]
walk out through the second door
dinosaurs can't breathe fire
number seven the attic mystery
mark and james played in the attic where
it was dark and dirty
but when they came down only mark's face
was covered in dust
while james face was miraculously clean
however it was james who went and washed
his face
you have 10 seconds to figure out why
[Music]
james looked at mark's face and thought
that he was dirty too
at the same time when mark looked at
james whose face was spotless
he decided he was just as clean
number eight a treasure hunt
a treasure hunter got lost in a forest
but after he had been walking for some
time
he noticed a crossroad with a big stone
in the middle
there was a note on the stone which read
four plus
no five the man realized that the sign
must be showing the direction toward the
treasure but it was written in some
tricky cipher can you help the treasure
hunter to decipher the code
the man should turn the note upside down
then it will read south that's where the
treasure is
9. an escape from a locked house
you got kidnapped and locked in a stone
house
however there are four doors you can
escape through
but behind the first door it's extremely
cold
and if you choose to go that way you'll
turn into a block of ice in a matter of
seconds
the second door opens into a water tank
swarming with hungry sharks
behind the third door the sun shines so
brightly
that it burns everything in no time and
the room behind the fourth door
is filled with toxic gas that won't let
you breathe
is there a way to escape you have 10
seconds to figure it out
[Music]
wait until the evening when the sun goes
down and escape
through the third door 10.
dropped into a pit one day john was
caught by a maniac
and thrown into a 20-foot deep pit the
maniac told him that
in five minutes the pit would start to
fill with water
john was horror-struck because he can't
swim
he looked around and noticed that on the
bottom of the pit
there was a six foot long rope a four
foot tall wooden barrel
and a three foot tall metal safe john
himself was six feet tall
how could he use these objects to get
out of the pit alive
you have 10 seconds to help the poor man
john should hold on to the barrel when
the water starts to rise
it'll help him to stay afloat and take
him to the surface
11. a cafe theft
look at this picture 10 minutes before
it was taken
someone from this photo had stolen all
the money from the cafe on the beach
however all these people claimed that
none of them had visited the cafe in the
last 10 minutes
who's the thief the thief is the man
with an
ice cream if he had bought it more than
10 minutes ago
it would have already melted or the man
would have already eaten it
12. a prison escape
matt escaped from prison by digging a
long tunnel in the floor of his cell
he'd been crawling through the
underground tunnel for three hours
when he saw that the main tunnel divided
into three smaller ones
but the first one was on fire and the
second tunnel was home to a nest of
venomous snakes
the third tunnel was set with explosives
how can
matt escape
matt should opt for the first tunnel he
can walk through it
after he puts out the fire with dirt
and now let's get down to the part
you've been waiting for
so if your result is zero to four
correct answers
it's time to read some books that'll
help you master the art of survival
or you can just watch more videos like
this and you'll definitely get better
if you crack five to eight riddles
you're almost there
just a little bit more effort in
practice and you'll be able to get out
of
almost any dangerous situation and if
you manage to get through nine to 12
difficult situations
unscathed which of course is better than
being scathed
you're a master of survival and logical
thinking
when your friends have a serious problem
you're the one they come to for advice
hey if you learned something new about
yourself today then give this video a
like and share it with a friend
and here are some other videos i think
you'll enjoy